[docs] Document recommended partition limits (#19475)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/concepts/partitions-schedules-sensors/partitioning-assets.mdx

---

> ## Recommended partition limits

Reviewer: Thoughts on putting this in the **Defining partitioned assets** section? It feels a bit oddly placed here, and I'm concerned it might get lost.

Spitballing some suggestions:

- Add the info to the intro section of **Defining partitioned assets** as a callout
- Add the info to the intro section of **Defining partitioned assets**, between the first paragraph (explanation) and the second (introduces the example)
- Make the info the last subsection (H3) in **Defining partitioned assets**, so the structure would look like this:

```
- Defining partitioned assets
  - Multi-dimensionally partitioned assets
  - Dynamically partitioned assets
  - Partitioned assets with partitioned I/O managers
  - Recommended partition limits
```

Author: Good call on putting this within the defining partitioned assets section.

Adding the info as the last subsection sounds good. I think being able to reference this content via the section in the sidebar is helpful for searching.

> We recommended limiting partition counts for each asset to 25,000 partitions or fewer. Assets with partition counts exceeding this limit will likely have slower load times in the UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend limiting the number of partitions for each asset to 25,000 or fewer. Assets with partition counts exceeding this limit will likely have slower load times in the UI.
```

- `recommended` should be `recommend`
- Is the correct term actually `partition counts`?

Author: thanks -- yeah I think "number of partitions" is clearer
